showcase: gsearch-console - gsearch-get-site-metadata (#90)
rowyio/buildship-docs: pages/showcase/gsearch-console/gsearch-get-site-metadata.mdx

---
title: Integrations - Get Site Metadata

> description: Documentation for the "Get Site Metadata" node from Google Search Console using Buildship.

Author: ```suggestion
description: The Get Site Metadata node allows you to fetch metadata for a given site URL from Google Search Console.
```
